1: Some basic concept of file name:
    bin: contains user executable files
    boot: files are required to boot the OS
    dev: store things to the hardware devices that connected to this machina, not driver, just some information about hardware devices
    etc: contains local system configuration files for the host computer
    home: home directory storage for user file. This is actually where all of our users home folders are going to be stored. 
        this is not actually the home folder for superuser(root). Like /home/ling
    lib: contains libraries files that are required to be in this system 
    media: mount external removable media devices like USB
    mnt: where we mount temporary file system
    opt: optional files 
    sbin: where we store system binary files 
    tmp: temporary files 
    usr: shareable read-only files 
    var: database software, store variable data files  


2: 
    (1): mkdir
        make a directory: 
    
    (2): touch
        make a empty file: 
    
    (3): pwd
        print out the current working directory: 
    
    (4): cat
        read a file: 
    
    (5): cat >> file.txt  
        add content to a new file and we can use CTRL + D to end.
	    If we cat >> file.txt again, it is going to concatenate to the end of the file and not override the file.
	    If this file does not exist before, we can still use this command to create this file and write something directly.
    
    (6): cat newfile1.txt >> file1.txt    
        concatenate one file to another file. --> add the newfile1 to the end of file1.txt
    
    (7): mv file.txt file2       
        move a file. --> move file.txt into file2
	
    (8): mv file.txt file1.txt file2    
        move multiply file into file2
    
    (9): cp tim.txt copied.txt     
        copy tim.txt to copied.txt file
     
    (10): rm copied.txt  
        remove this file
    
    (11): rm -i copied.txt   
        (stands for interactive, means we wanna confirmation )
	
    (12): rm -d folder1       
        remove a folder(if it is empty)  --> stands for directory
    
    (13): rm -r folder1        
        remove a folder and its content   --> stands for recursive, means recursively delete everything inside this folder

	(14): rmdir 
        --> same with rm -d folder1

    (15): rm *.txt
        If we wanna remove something that has some patterns --> remove all the txt file
	
    (16): rm tim .*   
        --> remove any file extension about "tim"
    
    (17): find . -name file3.txt  or find . -name "*.txt"
        search for a specific files or directories in our current working directory:   
	
    (18): find . -iname File5.txt  
        ---> Do not consider  capital (file all upper case or lower case)
	
    (19): find . -type d -name folder3   
        --> find this folder(d stands for directory)



 

